1318503315
AddAdminToUsers	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/db/migrate/20111013091837_add_admin_to_users.rb	class AddAdminToUsers 
Application	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
PagesController	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesHelper	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
ProjectGorilla	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/config/application.rb	module ProjectGorilla
SessionsController	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsHelper	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
TestCase	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UsersController	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersHelper	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
admin_user	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def admin_user
authenticate	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def authenticate
authenticate	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def authenticate
authenticate	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/models/user.rb	    def authenticate(email, submitted_password)
authenticate_with_salt	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/models/user.rb	    def authenticate_with_salt(id, cookie_salt)
change	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/db/migrate/20111013091837_add_admin_to_users.rb	  def change
clear_return_to	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def clear_return_to
correct_user	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def correct_user
create	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
current_user	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user
current_user=	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user=(user)
current_user?	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user?(user)
deny_access	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def deny_access
destroy	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
encrypt	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/models/user.rb	    def encrypt(string)
encrypt_password	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/models/user.rb	    def encrypt_password
gravatar_for	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	  def gravatar_for(user, options = { :size => 50 })
has_password?	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/models/user.rb	  def has_password?(submitted_password)
index	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
kontakt	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def kontakt
logo	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def logo
make_salt	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/models/user.rb	    def make_salt
new	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
om	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def om
password	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/models/user.rb	  attr_accessor :password
redirect_back_or	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def redirect_back_or(default)
remember_token	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def remember_token
secure_hash	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/models/user.rb	    def secure_hash(string)
set_locale	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	def set_locale
show	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
sign_in	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_in(user)
sign_out	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_out
signed_in?	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def signed_in?
signedin_user	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def signedin_user
store_location	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def store_location
test_homepage	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
test_sign_in	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/spec/spec_helper.rb	  def test_sign_in(user)
title	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title
update	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
user_from_remember_token	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def user_from_remember_token
